readme.md, before:

# Sighofrelief's List

> A personal "fork" of [Awesome Piracy](https://github.com/Igglybuff/awesome-piracy). and [Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome#readme) lists in general.

Please ensure you use an adblocker like [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) to access any of the websites listed here, otherwise, you will have a bad time.

## How to use this list
Some items in this list could easily fit in more than one category, so to make sure you find what you're looking for please use `Ctrl + F` (or `Cmd + F` on macOS).

## Background Information
- [Wikipedia "File sharing" category](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:File_sharing) Wikipedia's full list of file-sharing related articles.

## Contents
- [General-Piracy](#general-piracy)
- [Videogames](#videogames)
    - [Piracy](#videogame-piracy)
    - [Emulation](#videogame-emulation)
    - [Other](#videogame-other)
- [Addons](#addons)
    - [Browser Extensions](#browser-extensions)
    - [Userscripts](#userscripts)
    - [BetterDiscord Plugins](#betterdiscord-plugins)
- [Programs](#programs)
- [Cool Stuff](#cool-stuff)
- [Other](#other)


## General-Piracy
- [Awesome Piracy](https://github.com/Igglybuff/awesome-piracy) A huge curated list of piracy resources. Some of the links are outdated, but the source is incredibly invaluable none-the-less.
- [Archive.org](https://archive.org/) Home of the wayback-machine. Basically the library of the internet as far as media is concerned. So much is on here it's rediculous. If you're in a collection, be sure to view all files on the right panel if you're looking for a specific file. Some may require you to sign in.
- [The Proxy Bay](https://proxybay.github.io/) List of mirror sites pulling from The Pirate Bay's database. Visiting the pirate bay directly is sketchy these days, but it's database will always be invaluable. Do note however that in more recent times, their collection has become more and more unmoderated over time, so tred with caution.
- [YayPonies](https://yayponies.no/) basically all official digital media for the My Little Pony franchise. Show, Movie, Comic Books, Bonus features, etc. They also link to sister sites hosting Star Vs The Forces of Evil and Wander Over Yonder content (and depercated Ducktales and Steven Universe content).  


## Videogames

### Videogame-Piracy
- [Magnet Games](https://magnet-games.com/index.php) Cute website that has torrents for complete game sets to most retro consoles. Click a console in the header, go to anything/collections, and you'll want to torrent no-intro if it's available for that console. Curate the list in your torrent manager from there.
- [Old Games Finder](http://www.oldgamesfinder.com/) Search engine to find copies of old PC games. Some sites it may lead you to are paid, but not all.
- [Vimm's Lair](https://vimm.net/?p=vault) Okay piracy site for downloading individual retro games, however limits the numbers of downloads you can have running at once, and can be quite slow.
- [EmuParadise](https://www.emuparadise.me/Complete_ROM_Sets_(Full_Sets_in_One_File)_ROMs/List-All-Titles/37) Famous rom site that was sued by nintendo a few years back. Hasn't been the same sense, but is still useful. Some games have been delisted by the site's search engine, so use 3rd party search engines to search games on their database.
    -[EmuParadise Workaround Script](https://gist.github.com/infval/c69b479ff0bd590f2dd7e1975fe2fcad) Is a [userscript](#userscripts) to allow downloading of games from EmuParadise again. Since nintendo sued them years ago. Most if not all the roms are still on their servers, they just removed the download links. On a game page use "download with workaround script".
- [Archive.org Gamecube Collection by Ghostware](https://archive.org/details/GamecubeCollectionByGhostware) Full North American ISO set of gamecube games. Be sure to log in and either show all files and pick which you want, or get the torrent and manage from there in your torrent manager.
- [Archive.org Wii Collection by Ghostware](https://archive.org/details/WiiRomSetByGhostware), [Part 2](https://archive.org/details/WiiRomSetByGhostwarePart2), [Part 3](https://archive.org/details/WiiRomSetByGhostwarePart3) 3 part collection of commercial Wii games.
- [Archive.org WiiWare Collection by Ghostware](https://archive.org/details/WiiWareCollectionByGhostware) Full .wad set for WiiWare downloadable games from the Wii Shop Channel, virtual console included.
- [NXBrew](https://nxbrew.com/) Site hosting Nintendo Switch NSPs (games).
- [r/CrackWatch](https://old.reddit.com/r/CrackWatch/) Gaming piracy subreddit. Will tell you who cracked a game and removed it's DRM if a game has been cracked, which should give you enough information on where to find said cracked game. Also carries with it other useful info. Be sure to read the beginners guide on the sidebar.
- [Fitgirl Repacks](https://fitgirl-repacks.site/) Repacks for more modern games. (Repacks are compressed versions of games, meaning they're inherently not going to be fully accurate, but I've rarely had problems). As for other repackers, fitgirl endources RG Mechanics, RG Revenants, RG Catalyst, Xatab, El Amigos, Kapital Sin, KaosKrew (rips). However I've never had to use them.
- [Free GOG Games](https://freegogpcgames.com/) Free release for every game on GOG, since they're all DRM free.


### Videogame-Emulation
- [Emulation Wiki](https://emulation.gametechwiki.com/) A wiki on videogame emulation. Extremely useful if you want to compare and contrast features of emulators for a given console. Especially good for figuring out what the best given emulator for a console is.
- [Retroarch](https://www.retroarch.com/)  The primary frontend for libretro. Nice if you want to have all your retro games in one place, navigatable with a controller, and especially useful if you're looking to use it's unique features (netplay, shaders, etc). Download emulators as cores from within the program, scan for your games, and then run the game with their respective core. Easier than it sounds. I prefer it to standalone counterparts for most emulators, but not all. Also sick for emulating on console, I have retroarch installed on my Switch, for example. Switch Online SNES and NES library be damned.
- Emulator Compatability Lists. Basically, for any given emulator, they'll list all games for the console they're emulating, and how well they're emulated. In the case of the [Dolphin Wiki](https://wiki.dolphin-emu.org/index.php?title=Main_Page) they'll even list optimal emulator settings, enhancements, and more for individual games.

### Videogame-Other
- [Hacking & Homebrew](https://rentry.co/Guides) From the homebrew threads on 4chan's /vg/ board. Follow any guide here for it's respective console and you wont have any trouble if you have basic reading comprehension. The anons in the thread are generally pretty helpful if you actually did your reading and couldn't find an answer. Also provides links to piracy websites in the post-instillation sections.
- [SteamGridDB](https://www.steamgriddb.com/) Database of cover assets for Steam, since a lot of games are missing covers and the like. Includes non-steam games as well, in case you put those in your steam library.

## Addons

### Browser-Extensions
- [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) Adblocker, malware blocker, and tracker blocker. Blocks the visible AND invisible shittyness that comes with ads and other bullshit like them. A must install.
- [Reveye Reverse Image Search Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reveye-reverse-image-sear/keaaclcjhehbbapnphnmpiklalfhelgf?hl=en) [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/reveye-ris/) Reverse image searcher, super useful since google doesn't always give you the image you're looking for. I normally have a lot of luck with Yandex, which this offers support for.
- [Sponsorblock](https://github.com/ajayyy/SponsorBlock) Skip youtube sponsors. Works better than you'd think it would. Also offers options to skip recaps, non-music sections of music videos, self-promo, and more.
- [DarkReader](https://darkreader.org/) A quick way to make websites dark which dont have a dark theme. Though i'd still recommend native dark themes for websites if they support the feature, as sometimes dark reader can hide elements which are supposed to be visible. Able to be toggled on a per-website basis, and toggleable with a hotkey.
- [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) An extension that lets you load userscripts. Think of them like modifications to websites, without being their own full extension. If an extension has a userscript version, jump for it. Your ram will thank you. You can find userscripts I use below.
- [Save Tabbed Images](https://github.com/kevinsqi/save_tabbed_images) Good for if you want to just open a new window, open a ton of images in new tabs, and download them all. Constantly removed from the chrome webstore for some reason, and loves to uninstall it's self from chrome. I dont think google likes this one, but there's ways to get it to run none-the-less.

### Userscripts
- [Tampermonkey scripts list](https://www.tampermonkey.net/scripts.php) Page listing resources for finding new userscripts.
- [Userstyles.org](https://userstyles.org/) Website for sharing cosmetic website modifications. Install them as userscripts, dont use stylish. Included because it isn't in Tampermonkey's script list for some reason.
- [4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/) Chan boards it supports are basically unusable without it. Thread watcher, view full image on hover, board hotbar, catalogue default, keybinds. It's OP.
- [Anti Adblock Killer](https://reek.github.io/anti-adblock-killer/) You know those pop-ups you get sometimes when using an adblocker? This helps to get rid of those. Install and forget.
- [AAK Cont for uBlock Origin](https://xuhaiyang1234.gitlab.io/AAK-Cont/dist/aak-cont-script-ubo.user.js) Anti-Adblock Killer Continued for uBlock Origin. Should be self-explanitory.
- [Chrome Dark Scrollbar and Audio Player](https://userstyles.org/styles/108298) I was having trouble getting chrome themes to have a dark scrollbar, so here's a userscript for getting a dark scrollbar on chrome.
- [BetterTTV](https://betterttv.com/) More emotes, features, etc for twitch. Select "other" browser even if your browser is supported for the userscript.
- [Twitter Download Gif&Video](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/390723-twitter-download-gif-video) Adds a little button on twitter gif and videos to more easily download them.

### BetterDiscord Plugins
- [BetterDiscord](https://betterdiscord.app/) Obviously you need BetterDiscord it's self to use it's features. Basically a modloader for Discord.
- [BetterDiscord Plugins](https://betterdiscord.app/plugins) The plugins section of the betterdiscord website, obviously you can find more plugins here.
- [Discord Experiments](https://github.com/Inve1951/BetterDiscordStuff/blob/master/plugins/discordexperiments.plugin.js) Lets you toggle on and off discord beta features in a new tab of your user-settings. This is a feature made for discord beta testers which isn't a very well kept secret. Highly recommend toggling "Activities Experiment" to "all activities" so you can play Poker, Chess, and watch YouTube all within a discord call.  
- [BDFDB](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Library/) Required Library for a lot of plugins made by DevilBro, who's heavily involved and very prolific in the scene. A lot of plugins are dependant on it.
- [Zere's Plugin Library](https://github.com/rauenzi/BDPluginLibrary) Gives other plugins utility functions and emulation capability. A lot of plugins are dependant on it.
- [Favorite Media](https://github.com/Dastan21/BDAddons/blob/main/plugins/FavoriteMedia) Lets you "star" all types of media, whereas discord only supports gif for some reason.
- [Discord Free Emojis](https://github.com/An00nymushun/DiscordFreeEmojis) If you dont have nitro, will re-enable the emoji picker/typing, and paste the emoji as image links.
- [Image Utilities](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/ImageUtilities/) Adds image features like gallery, zoom, reverse image search, and more.
- [Notification Sounds](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/NotificationSounds/) Lets you set custom sounds for basically anything that makes a sound in discord (calling, messaging, connecting, disconnecting, muting, everything)
- [Better Folders](https://github.com/Zerthox/BetterDiscord-Plugins) Lets you create icons for folders. This page also includes links to a few other of the author's plugins.
- [Better Role Colors](https://github.com/rauenzi/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/BetterRoleColors) Adds server-based role colors to typing, voice, popouts, modals, etc.
- [Call Time Counter](https://github.com/QWERTxD/BetterDiscordPlugins/tree/main/CallTimeCounter) Shows you how long you've been in a call
- [Clickable Mentions](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/ClickableMentions/) Allows you to open a User Popout by clicking a Mention in your Message Input
- [Gif Saver](https://github.com/bepvte/bd-addons) Backs up your favorited gifs and restores them if discord removes them. Doesn't work for other media favorited with Favorite Media i dont believe. Link also includes some other addons made by the author.
- [Guild Profile](https://github.com/jaimeadf/BetterDiscordPlugins/tree/release/src/GuildProfile) You know how users have profiles when you click their name? That but for servers.
- [Hide Channels](https://github.com/CapnKitten/BetterDiscord/tree/master/Plugins/HideChannels) Lets you minimize the channel list so that the chat takes up more window space.
- [Last Message Date](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/LastMessageDate/) Displays the Last Message Date of a Member for the current Server/DM
- [Link Profile Picture](https://github.com/Inve1951/BetterDiscordStuff/blob/master/plugins/linkProfilePicture.plugin.js) Lets you click users' avatars on their profile page to view a bigger version in your browser
- [Link Banner](https://github.com/Echological/LinkBanner-BD/blob/856988b26db0e7c1c3895931a3735cd7b6ac0211/LinkBanner.plugin.js) Same thing as above but for a user's banner.
- [Member Count](https://github.com/Arashiryuu/crap/tree/master/ToastIntegrated/MemberCount) Lets you easily see how many members a server has.
- [Open Steam Links In App](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/OpenSteamLinksInApp/) Steam links will open in steam instead of in browser
- [Quick Delete Messages](https://github.com/Inve1951/BetterDiscordStuff/blob/master/coffee/QuickDeleteMessages.plugin.coffee) Hold the delete key and click a message to delete it.
- [Reddit Mentions](https://github.com/vBread/bd-contributions/tree/master/RedditMentions) Links to reddit if someone says something like "u/User" or "r/Subreddit"
- [Split Large Messages](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/SplitLargeMessages) if you type more characters than discord lets you send in one message, it'll cut it, then automatically send the rest of what the message would have been in a second message, and a 3rd, and so on.
- [Spotify Listen Along](https://github.com/ordinall/BetterDiscord-Stuff/tree/master/Plugins/SpotifyListenAlong/) Allows using the listen along feature without preimum.
- [Typing Indicator](https://github.com/l0c4lh057/BetterDiscordStuff/tree/master/Plugins/TypingIndicator) adds an indicator for when someone is typing in a channel or server without having to look at the channel.


## Programs
- [qBitTorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org/) Torrenting client. The only one worth a damn.
- [JDownloader](https://jdownloader.org/) Download manager. Scrape websites, read the clipboard for links to downloads, etc. Have them all in a neat list. Especially useful for archive.org collections or for when you have a slow internet connection.
- [Handbreak](https://handbrake.fr/) Video transcoder. Compress, convert, etc. Throw videos in and choose which format you want and watch the filesize shrink.
- [Steam Rom Manager](https://dozennn.github.io/steam-rom-manager/) Useful for bulk adding non-steam games (such as retro games) to your steam library with image assets pulled from SteamGridDB
- [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/) Best screenshot software there is. Still sad there isn't a linux version. The next best thing for linux is [Flameshot](https://github.com/flameshot-org/flameshot)
- [Open Broadcast Software (OBS)](https://obsproject.com/) Best video recording and streaming software there is. Pretty self-explanitory.
- [List of Adobe Alternatives](https://twitter.com/XdanielArt/status/1434611199140896772) Sick list of alternatives to adobe suite software. Useful for linux or if you just hate adobe (But, of course, pirating their software will always be moral :P )

## Cool Stuff
- [Earthbound Battle Backgrounds](https://github.kdex.de/earthbound-battle-backgrounds) Generator for moving earthbound backgrounds. up/down/left/right arrows for controlls.
- [Sierra Text Generator](http://deathgenerator.com/) Also known as Death Generator. Lets you create custom text boxes in the style of a ton of different games.
- [15.ai](https://15.ai/) Accurate text to speech generator which mimicks characters from multiple franchises. Has a history of going down for a long time to be worked on, released for a short period, and so on. So make what you need while you have the chance.
- [PetPet](https://benisland.neocities.org/petpet/) Tool for creating those petting gifs memes. 
- [KidPix](https://kidpix.app/) A port of KidPix to browser
- [NoClip](https://noclip.website/) Lets you look around 3D environments in browser for a ton of games you absolutely played growing up as if you were using noclip in source.

## Other
- [Catbox.moe](https://catbox.moe/) A nice, free, minimum bullshit image and file cloud. Also check out [Litterbox](https://litterbox.catbox.moe/) for hosting files which are temporary in nature and can just be deleted whenever.
- [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) A port of Adobe Photoshop to browser. Too good to be true and yet somehow it is. Works better than it has any right to. Use [Photopea Adblock](https://userstyles.org/styles/178522/adblock-photopea) as well. uBlock already blocks ads on photopea, but the space is still reserved for the ad. Using this will fill the whole screen and remove the adspace. This is a [userscript](#userscripts).
- [Erowid](https://www.erowid.org/) A website dedicated to harm-reduction and education for a number of drugs. Includes sitable and non-sitable information (such as personal experiences, opinion pieces, media writings, etc., etc.,)
- [Piracy.moe](https://piracy.moe/) Previously known as the anime index, a spreadsheet for anime, manga, and other weeb piracy warez

Commit message:

v1.1.4
Added Privacy Guides, Do Not Track (BD Plugin), and FOSS Front-Ends

readme.md, after:

# Sighofrelief's List

> A personal "fork" of [Awesome Piracy](https://github.com/Igglybuff/awesome-piracy). and [Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome#readme) lists in general.

Please ensure you use an adblocker like [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) to access any of the websites listed here, otherwise, you will have a bad time.

## How to use this list
Some items in this list could easily fit in more than one category, so to make sure you find what you're looking for please use `Ctrl + F` (or `Cmd + F` on macOS).

## Background Information
- [Wikipedia "File sharing" category](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:File_sharing) Wikipedia's full list of file-sharing related articles.

## Contents
- [General-Piracy](#general-piracy)
- [Videogames](#videogames)
    - [Piracy](#videogame-piracy)
    - [Emulation](#videogame-emulation)
    - [Other](#videogame-other)
- [Addons](#addons)
    - [Browser Extensions](#browser-extensions)
    - [Userscripts](#userscripts)
    - [BetterDiscord Plugins](#betterdiscord-plugins)
- [Programs](#programs)
- [Cool Stuff](#cool-stuff)
- [Other](#other)


## General-Piracy
- [Awesome Piracy](https://github.com/Igglybuff/awesome-piracy) A huge curated list of piracy resources. Some of the links are outdated, but the source is incredibly invaluable none-the-less.
- [Archive.org](https://archive.org/) Home of the wayback-machine. Basically the library of the internet as far as media is concerned. So much is on here it's rediculous. If you're in a collection, be sure to view all files on the right panel if you're looking for a specific file. Some may require you to sign in.
- [The Proxy Bay](https://proxybay.github.io/) List of mirror sites pulling from The Pirate Bay's database. Visiting the pirate bay directly is sketchy these days, but it's database will always be invaluable. Do note however that in more recent times, their collection has become more and more unmoderated over time, so tred with caution.
- [YayPonies](https://yayponies.no/) basically all official digital media for the My Little Pony franchise. Show, Movie, Comic Books, Bonus features, etc. They also link to sister sites hosting Star Vs The Forces of Evil and Wander Over Yonder content (and depercated Ducktales and Steven Universe content).  


## Videogames

### Videogame-Piracy
- [Magnet Games](https://magnet-games.com/index.php) Cute website that has torrents for complete game sets to most retro consoles. Click a console in the header, go to anything/collections, and you'll want to torrent no-intro if it's available for that console. Curate the list in your torrent manager from there.
- [Old Games Finder](http://www.oldgamesfinder.com/) Search engine to find copies of old PC games. Some sites it may lead you to are paid, but not all.
- [Vimm's Lair](https://vimm.net/?p=vault) Okay piracy site for downloading individual retro games, however limits the numbers of downloads you can have running at once, and can be quite slow.
- [EmuParadise](https://www.emuparadise.me/Complete_ROM_Sets_(Full_Sets_in_One_File)_ROMs/List-All-Titles/37) Famous rom site that was sued by nintendo a few years back. Hasn't been the same sense, but is still useful. Some games have been delisted by the site's search engine, so use 3rd party search engines to search games on their database.
    -[EmuParadise Workaround Script](https://gist.github.com/infval/c69b479ff0bd590f2dd7e1975fe2fcad) Is a [userscript](#userscripts) to allow downloading of games from EmuParadise again. Since nintendo sued them years ago. Most if not all the roms are still on their servers, they just removed the download links. On a game page use "download with workaround script".
- [Archive.org Gamecube Collection by Ghostware](https://archive.org/details/GamecubeCollectionByGhostware) Full North American ISO set of gamecube games. Be sure to log in and either show all files and pick which you want, or get the torrent and manage from there in your torrent manager.
- [Archive.org Wii Collection by Ghostware](https://archive.org/details/WiiRomSetByGhostware), [Part 2](https://archive.org/details/WiiRomSetByGhostwarePart2), [Part 3](https://archive.org/details/WiiRomSetByGhostwarePart3) 3 part collection of commercial Wii games.
- [Archive.org WiiWare Collection by Ghostware](https://archive.org/details/WiiWareCollectionByGhostware) Full .wad set for WiiWare downloadable games from the Wii Shop Channel, virtual console included.
- [NXBrew](https://nxbrew.com/) Site hosting Nintendo Switch NSPs (games).
- [r/CrackWatch](https://old.reddit.com/r/CrackWatch/) Gaming piracy subreddit. Will tell you who cracked a game and removed it's DRM if a game has been cracked, which should give you enough information on where to find said cracked game. Also carries with it other useful info. Be sure to read the beginners guide on the sidebar.
- [Fitgirl Repacks](https://fitgirl-repacks.site/) Repacks for more modern games. (Repacks are compressed versions of games, meaning they're inherently not going to be fully accurate, but I've rarely had problems). As for other repackers, fitgirl endources RG Mechanics, RG Revenants, RG Catalyst, Xatab, El Amigos, Kapital Sin, KaosKrew (rips). However I've never had to use them.
- [Free GOG Games](https://freegogpcgames.com/) Free release for every game on GOG, since they're all DRM free.


### Videogame-Emulation
- [Emulation Wiki](https://emulation.gametechwiki.com/) A wiki on videogame emulation. Extremely useful if you want to compare and contrast features of emulators for a given console. Especially good for figuring out what the best given emulator for a console is.
- [Retroarch](https://www.retroarch.com/)  The primary frontend for libretro. Nice if you want to have all your retro games in one place, navigatable with a controller, and especially useful if you're looking to use it's unique features (netplay, shaders, etc). Download emulators as cores from within the program, scan for your games, and then run the game with their respective core. Easier than it sounds. I prefer it to standalone counterparts for most emulators, but not all. Also sick for emulating on console, I have retroarch installed on my Switch, for example. Switch Online SNES and NES library be damned.
- Emulator Compatability Lists. Basically, for any given emulator, they'll list all games for the console they're emulating, and how well they're emulated. In the case of the [Dolphin Wiki](https://wiki.dolphin-emu.org/index.php?title=Main_Page) they'll even list optimal emulator settings, enhancements, and more for individual games.

### Videogame-Other
- [Hacking & Homebrew](https://rentry.co/Guides) From the homebrew threads on 4chan's /vg/ board. Follow any guide here for it's respective console and you wont have any trouble if you have basic reading comprehension. The anons in the thread are generally pretty helpful if you actually did your reading and couldn't find an answer. Also provides links to piracy websites in the post-instillation sections.
- [SteamGridDB](https://www.steamgriddb.com/) Database of cover assets for Steam, since a lot of games are missing covers and the like. Includes non-steam games as well, in case you put those in your steam library.

## Addons

### Browser-Extensions
- [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) Adblocker, malware blocker, and tracker blocker. Blocks the visible AND invisible shittyness that comes with ads and other bullshit like them. A must install.
- [Reveye Reverse Image Search Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reveye-reverse-image-sear/keaaclcjhehbbapnphnmpiklalfhelgf?hl=en) [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/reveye-ris/) Reverse image searcher, super useful since google doesn't always give you the image you're looking for. I normally have a lot of luck with Yandex, which this offers support for.
- [Sponsorblock](https://github.com/ajayyy/SponsorBlock) Skip youtube sponsors. Works better than you'd think it would. Also offers options to skip recaps, non-music sections of music videos, self-promo, and more.
- [DarkReader](https://darkreader.org/) A quick way to make websites dark which dont have a dark theme. Though i'd still recommend native dark themes for websites if they support the feature, as sometimes dark reader can hide elements which are supposed to be visible. Able to be toggled on a per-website basis, and toggleable with a hotkey.
- [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) An extension that lets you load userscripts. Think of them like modifications to websites, without being their own full extension. If an extension has a userscript version, jump for it. Your ram will thank you. You can find userscripts I use below.
- [Save Tabbed Images](https://github.com/kevinsqi/save_tabbed_images) Good for if you want to just open a new window, open a ton of images in new tabs, and download them all. Constantly removed from the chrome webstore for some reason, and loves to uninstall it's self from chrome. I dont think google likes this one, but there's ways to get it to run none-the-less.

### Userscripts
- [Tampermonkey scripts list](https://www.tampermonkey.net/scripts.php) Page listing resources for finding new userscripts.
- [Userstyles.org](https://userstyles.org/) Website for sharing cosmetic website modifications. Install them as userscripts, dont use stylish. Included because it isn't in Tampermonkey's script list for some reason.
- [4chan X](https://www.4chan-x.net/) Chan boards it supports are basically unusable without it. Thread watcher, view full image on hover, board hotbar, catalogue default, keybinds. It's OP.
- [Anti Adblock Killer](https://reek.github.io/anti-adblock-killer/) You know those pop-ups you get sometimes when using an adblocker? This helps to get rid of those. Install and forget.
- [AAK Cont for uBlock Origin](https://xuhaiyang1234.gitlab.io/AAK-Cont/dist/aak-cont-script-ubo.user.js) Anti-Adblock Killer Continued for uBlock Origin. Should be self-explanitory.
- [Chrome Dark Scrollbar and Audio Player](https://userstyles.org/styles/108298) I was having trouble getting chrome themes to have a dark scrollbar, so here's a userscript for getting a dark scrollbar on chrome.
- [BetterTTV](https://betterttv.com/) More emotes, features, etc for twitch. Select "other" browser even if your browser is supported for the userscript.
- [Twitter Download Gif&Video](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/390723-twitter-download-gif-video) Adds a little button on twitter gif and videos to more easily download them.

### BetterDiscord Plugins
- [BetterDiscord](https://betterdiscord.app/) Obviously you need BetterDiscord it's self to use it's features. Basically a modloader for Discord.
- [BetterDiscord Plugins](https://betterdiscord.app/plugins) The plugins section of the betterdiscord website, obviously you can find more plugins here.
- [Discord Experiments](https://github.com/Inve1951/BetterDiscordStuff/blob/master/plugins/discordexperiments.plugin.js) Lets you toggle on and off discord beta features in a new tab of your user-settings. This is a feature made for discord beta testers which isn't a very well kept secret. Highly recommend toggling "Activities Experiment" to "all activities" so you can play Poker, Chess, and watch YouTube all within a discord call.  
- [BDFDB](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Library/) Required Library for a lot of plugins made by DevilBro, who's heavily involved and very prolific in the scene. A lot of plugins are dependant on it.
- [Zere's Plugin Library](https://github.com/rauenzi/BDPluginLibrary) Gives other plugins utility functions and emulation capability. A lot of plugins are dependant on it.
- [Do Not Track](https://betterdiscord.app/plugin/DoNotTrack) HELPS to stop discord from invading your privacy. Know that discord by it's design is not privacy friendly. Mark my words, there will come a day that discord's data leaks and all their plaintext messages become public, your DMs included.
- [Favorite Media](https://github.com/Dastan21/BDAddons/blob/main/plugins/FavoriteMedia) Lets you "star" all types of media, whereas discord only supports gif for some reason.
- [Discord Free Emojis](https://github.com/An00nymushun/DiscordFreeEmojis) If you dont have nitro, will re-enable the emoji picker/typing, and paste the emoji as image links.
- [Image Utilities](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/ImageUtilities/) Adds image features like gallery, zoom, reverse image search, and more.
- [Notification Sounds](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/NotificationSounds/) Lets you set custom sounds for basically anything that makes a sound in discord (calling, messaging, connecting, disconnecting, muting, everything)
- [Better Folders](https://github.com/Zerthox/BetterDiscord-Plugins) Lets you create icons for folders. This page also includes links to a few other of the author's plugins.
- [Better Role Colors](https://github.com/rauenzi/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/BetterRoleColors) Adds server-based role colors to typing, voice, popouts, modals, etc.
- [Call Time Counter](https://github.com/QWERTxD/BetterDiscordPlugins/tree/main/CallTimeCounter) Shows you how long you've been in a call
- [Clickable Mentions](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/ClickableMentions/) Allows you to open a User Popout by clicking a Mention in your Message Input
- [Gif Saver](https://github.com/bepvte/bd-addons) Backs up your favorited gifs and restores them if discord removes them. Doesn't work for other media favorited with Favorite Media i dont believe. Link also includes some other addons made by the author.
- [Guild Profile](https://github.com/jaimeadf/BetterDiscordPlugins/tree/release/src/GuildProfile) You know how users have profiles when you click their name? That but for servers.
- [Hide Channels](https://github.com/CapnKitten/BetterDiscord/tree/master/Plugins/HideChannels) Lets you minimize the channel list so that the chat takes up more window space.
- [Last Message Date](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/LastMessageDate/) Displays the Last Message Date of a Member for the current Server/DM
- [Link Profile Picture](https://github.com/Inve1951/BetterDiscordStuff/blob/master/plugins/linkProfilePicture.plugin.js) Lets you click users' avatars on their profile page to view a bigger version in your browser
- [Link Banner](https://github.com/Echological/LinkBanner-BD/blob/856988b26db0e7c1c3895931a3735cd7b6ac0211/LinkBanner.plugin.js) Same thing as above but for a user's banner.
- [Member Count](https://github.com/Arashiryuu/crap/tree/master/ToastIntegrated/MemberCount) Lets you easily see how many members a server has.
- [Open Steam Links In App](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/OpenSteamLinksInApp/) Steam links will open in steam instead of in browser
- [Quick Delete Messages](https://github.com/Inve1951/BetterDiscordStuff/blob/master/coffee/QuickDeleteMessages.plugin.coffee) Hold the delete key and click a message to delete it.
- [Reddit Mentions](https://github.com/vBread/bd-contributions/tree/master/RedditMentions) Links to reddit if someone says something like "u/User" or "r/Subreddit"
- [Split Large Messages](https://github.com/mwittrien/BetterDiscordAddons/tree/master/Plugins/SplitLargeMessages) if you type more characters than discord lets you send in one message, it'll cut it, then automatically send the rest of what the message would have been in a second message, and a 3rd, and so on.
- [Spotify Listen Along](https://github.com/ordinall/BetterDiscord-Stuff/tree/master/Plugins/SpotifyListenAlong/) Allows using the listen along feature without preimum.
- [Typing Indicator](https://github.com/l0c4lh057/BetterDiscordStuff/tree/master/Plugins/TypingIndicator) adds an indicator for when someone is typing in a channel or server without having to look at the channel.


## Programs
- [qBitTorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org/) Torrenting client. The only one worth a damn.
- [JDownloader](https://jdownloader.org/) Download manager. Scrape websites, read the clipboard for links to downloads, etc. Have them all in a neat list. Especially useful for archive.org collections or for when you have a slow internet connection.
- [Handbreak](https://handbrake.fr/) Video transcoder. Compress, convert, etc. Throw videos in and choose which format you want and watch the filesize shrink.
- [Steam Rom Manager](https://dozennn.github.io/steam-rom-manager/) Useful for bulk adding non-steam games (such as retro games) to your steam library with image assets pulled from SteamGridDB
- [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/) Best screenshot software there is. Still sad there isn't a linux version. The next best thing for linux is [Flameshot](https://github.com/flameshot-org/flameshot)
- [Open Broadcast Software (OBS)](https://obsproject.com/) Best video recording and streaming software there is. Pretty self-explanitory.
- [List of Adobe Alternatives](https://twitter.com/XdanielArt/status/1434611199140896772) Sick list of alternatives to adobe suite software. Useful for linux or if you just hate adobe (But, of course, pirating their software will always be moral :P )

## Cool Stuff
- [Earthbound Battle Backgrounds](https://github.kdex.de/earthbound-battle-backgrounds) Generator for moving earthbound backgrounds. up/down/left/right arrows for controlls.
- [Sierra Text Generator](http://deathgenerator.com/) Also known as Death Generator. Lets you create custom text boxes in the style of a ton of different games.
- [15.ai](https://15.ai/) Accurate text to speech generator which mimicks characters from multiple franchises. Has a history of going down for a long time to be worked on, released for a short period, and so on. So make what you need while you have the chance.
- [PetPet](https://benisland.neocities.org/petpet/) Tool for creating those petting gifs memes. 
- [KidPix](https://kidpix.app/) A port of KidPix to browser
- [NoClip](https://noclip.website/) Lets you look around 3D environments in browser for a ton of games you absolutely played growing up as if you were using noclip in source.

## Other
- [Privacy Guides](https://privacyguides.org/) Basically the authority in protecting your privacy and making your digital life more secure.
- [FOSS Front-Ends](https://gitlab.com/FSMdotCOM/foss-front-ends-and-alternatives) Free Open Source Software alternatives to and tools to various popular services, such as many social media platforms.
- [Catbox.moe](https://catbox.moe/) A nice, free, minimum bullshit image and file cloud. Also check out [Litterbox](https://litterbox.catbox.moe/) for hosting files which are temporary in nature and can just be deleted whenever.
- [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) A port of Adobe Photoshop to browser. Too good to be true and yet somehow it is. Works better than it has any right to. Use [Photopea Adblock](https://userstyles.org/styles/178522/adblock-photopea) as well. uBlock already blocks ads on photopea, but the space is still reserved for the ad. Using this will fill the whole screen and remove the adspace. This is a [userscript](#userscripts).
- [Erowid](https://www.erowid.org/) A website dedicated to harm-reduction and education for a number of drugs. Includes sitable and non-sitable information (such as personal experiences, opinion pieces, media writings, etc., etc.,)
- [Piracy.moe](https://piracy.moe/) Previously known as the anime index, a spreadsheet for anime, manga, and other weeb piracy warez
